Update concat_list(), concat(), and || docs (#4011)
duckdb/duckdb-web: docs/sql/functions/list.md

| [`list_aggregate(list, name)`](#list_aggregatelist-name) | Executes the aggregate function `name` on the elements of `list`. See the [List Aggregates]({% link docs/sql/functions/list.md %}#list-aggregates) section for more details. |
| [`list_any_value(list)`](#list_any_valuelist) | Returns the first non-null value in the list. |
| [`list_append(list, element)`](#list_appendlist-element) | Appends `element` to `list`. |

> | [`list_concat(list1, list2)`](#list_concatlist1-list2) | Concatenate two lists. NULLs are treated as empty lists. See `||` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`list_concat(list1, list2)`](#list_concatlist1-list2) | Concatenate two lists. NULL inputs are treated as empty lists. See `||` |
```

<div class="nostroke_table"></div>

> | **Description** | Concatenate two lists. NULLs are treated as empty lists. See also `||`  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Description** | Concatenate two lists. NULL inputs are treated as empty lists. See also `||`  |
```

| `&&`  | Alias for [`list_has_any`](#list_has_anylist1-list2).                                                                   | `[1, 2, 3, 4, 5] && [2, 5, 5, 6]` | `true`               |
| `@>`  | Alias for [`list_has_all`](#list_has_alllist-sub-list), where the list on the **right** of the operator is the sublist. | `[1, 2, 3, 4] @> [3, 4, 3]`       | `true`               |
| `<@`  | Alias for [`list_has_all`](#list_has_alllist-sub-list), where the list on the **left** of the operator is the sublist.  | `[1, 4] <@ [1, 2, 3, 4]`          | `true`               |

> | `||`  | Similar to [`list_concat`](#list_concatlist1-list2), except NULL inputs result in NULLs.                                 | `[1, 2, 3] || [4, 5, 6]`          | `[1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6]` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `||`  | Similar to [`list_concat`](#list_concatlist1-list2), except any NULL input result in NULL.                                 | `[1, 2, 3] || [4, 5, 6]`          | `[1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6]` |
```
